README.md, before:

# Bones
A Lightweight Wordpress Development Theme

Bones is designed to make the life of developers easier. It's built
using HTML5 & has a strong semantic foundation.
It's constantly growing so be sure to check back often if you are a
frequent user. I'm always open to contribution. :)

Designed by Eddie Machado
http://themble.com/bones

License: WTFPL
License URI: http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/
Are You Serious? Yes.

#### Special Thanks to:
Paul Irish & the HTML5 Boilerplate
Yoast for some WP functions & optimization ideas
Andrew Rogers for code optimization
David Dellanave for speed & code optimization
and several other developers. :)

#### Submit Bugs & or Fixes:
https://github.com/eddiemachado/bones/issues

To view Release & Update Notes, read the CHANGELOG.md file in the main folder.

For more news and to see why my parents constantly ask me what I'm
doing with my life, follow me on twitter: @eddiemachado

## Helpful Tools & Links

Yeoman generator to quickly install Bones Wordpress starter theme into your Wordpress theme folder
by 0dp
https://github.com/0dp/generator-wp-bones

Commit message:

Last minute updates
Added HotJar tracking code, updated screenshot.png, updated style.css
in root of theme, updated favicons, created Apple touch icon, created
Windows 8 tile, updated README

README.md, after:

# The Lovely Geek
Theme build for <a href="http://thelovelygeek.com">The Lovely Geek</a> based on the Bones development theme.

## Bones
A Lightweight Wordpress Development Theme

Bones is designed to make the life of developers easier. It's built
using HTML5 & has a strong semantic foundation.
It's constantly growing so be sure to check back often if you are a
frequent user. I'm always open to contribution. :)

Designed by Eddie Machado
http://themble.com/bones

License: WTFPL
License URI: http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/
Are You Serious? Yes.

#### Special Thanks to:
Paul Irish & the HTML5 Boilerplate
Yoast for some WP functions & optimization ideas
Andrew Rogers for code optimization
David Dellanave for speed & code optimization
and several other developers. :)

#### Submit Bugs & or Fixes:
https://github.com/eddiemachado/bones/issues

To view Release & Update Notes, read the CHANGELOG.md file in the main folder.

For more news and to see why my parents constantly ask me what I'm
doing with my life, follow me on twitter: @eddiemachado

## Helpful Tools & Links

Yeoman generator to quickly install Bones Wordpress starter theme into your Wordpress theme folder
by 0dp
https://github.com/0dp/generator-wp-bones
